XLS-82 MPT DEX Integration (#3537)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/concepts/tokens/decentralized-exchange/offers.md

---
# Offers

> In the XRP Ledger's [decentralized exchange](index.md), trade orders are called "Offers". Offers can trade XRP with [tokens](../index.md), or tokens for other tokens. For Trust Line Tokens, this includes tokens with the same currency code but different issuers, which can also sometimes be exchanged through [rippling](../fungible-tokens/rippling.md). For MPTs, each issuance has a unique `mpt_issuance_id`, so different MPTs can be traded against each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the XRP Ledger's [decentralized exchange](index.md), trade orders are called "Offers". Offers can trade XRP with [tokens](../index.md), or tokens for other tokens. For trust line tokens, this includes tokens with the same currency code but different issuers, which can also sometimes be exchanged through [rippling](../fungible-tokens/rippling.md). For MPTs, each issuance has a unique `mpt_issuance_id`, so different MPTs can be traded against each other.
```

However, you don't need to hold the full amount specified in the Offer. Placing an Offer does not lock up your funds, so you can place multiple Offers to sell the same tokens (or XRP), or place an Offer and hope to get enough tokens or XRP to fully fund it later.

> **To sell XRP,** you must hold enough XRP to meet all the [reserve requirements](../../accounts/reserves.md), including the reserve for the Offer object to be placed in the ledger and for the trust line or MPToken object to hold the token you are buying. As long as you have any XRP left over after setting aside the reserve amount, you can place the Offer.

Reviewer: Style updates ("object" → "entry" is an old but not thoroughly applied recommendation); same for not capitalizing "Offer" everywhere.

```suggestion
**To sell XRP,** you must hold enough XRP to meet all the [reserve requirements](../../accounts/reserves.md), including the reserve for the Offer entry to be placed in the ledger and for the trust line or MPToken entry to hold the token you are buying. As long as you have any XRP left over after setting aside the reserve amount, you can place the offer.
```

- If the owner no longer has any of the sell asset.
    - The Offer becomes funded again when the owner obtains more of that asset.

> - If the sell asset is a Trust Line Token in a [frozen trust line](../fungible-tokens/freezes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the sell asset is a trust line token in a [frozen trust line](../fungible-tokens/freezes.md).
```

    - The Offer becomes funded again when the trust line is no longer frozen.

> - If the sell asset is an MPT and the holder's [MPToken object is locked](../../../concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/deep-freeze#how-does-mpt-freezelock-behavior-differ-from-iou).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the sell asset is an MPT and the holder's [MPToken entry is locked](../../../concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/deep-freeze#how-does-mpt-freezelock-behavior-differ-from-iou).
```

    - The Offer becomes funded again when the MPToken is unlocked.
- If the sell asset is an MPT and the **Can Transfer** flag is cleared on the MPT Issuance.
    - The Offer cannot become funded unless the issuer enables the **Can Transfer** flag.
- If the sell asset is an MPT and the **Can Trade** flag is cleared on the MPT Issuance.
    - The Offer cannot become funded unless the issuer enables the **Can Trade** flag.

> - If the Offer needs to create a new trust line or MPToken object, but the owner does not have enough XRP for the increased [reserve](../../accounts/reserves.md). (See [Offers and Trust](#offers-and-trust).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the Offer needs to create a new trust line or MPToken entry, but the owner does not have enough XRP for the increased [reserve](../../accounts/reserves.md). (See [Offers and Trust](#offers-and-trust).)
```

## Offers and Trust

> Before you can hold a token, you need a ledger object to track your balance:

Reviewer: "Before you can hold..." implies that you need to take separate steps first. However, this section exists to explain that, with offers, that part is automatically taken care of when you buy a token. So I suggest this slight rephrase (also taking into account the "ledger entry" style suggestion):

```suggestion
To hold a token, you need a ledger entry to track your balance:
```

> - **Trust Line Tokens** require a [trust line](../fungible-tokens/index.md) to the issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Trust line tokens** require a [trust line](../fungible-tokens/index.md) to the issuer.
```

> - **MPTs** require an [MPToken object](../fungible-tokens/multi-purpose-tokens.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **MPTs** require an [MPToken entry](../fungible-tokens/multi-purpose-tokens.md).
```

> When an Offer is consumed, the ledger automatically creates the necessary trust line or MPToken object if one doesn't exist. Trust lines created this way have their limit set to 0. Because these objects count toward your [reserve requirement](../../accounts/reserves.md), any Offer that would create a new trust line or MPToken object also requires enough XRP to cover the additional reserve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an offer is consumed, the ledger automatically creates the necessary trust line or MPToken entry if one doesn't exist. Trust lines created this way have their limit set to 0. Because these count toward your [reserve requirement](../../accounts/reserves.md), any offer that would create a new trust line or MPToken entry also requires enough XRP to cover the additional reserve.
```
